authorize the issuance of almeida figueira the first 45 minutes of football to
uberaba and cruise we go together
the notice already received on the right and the mark
filipe was up passed the bottom line crosses at midnight
this area
halter out the cruise
in less than 15 seconds
already leading danger to goal of the uberaba player of matsumoto
and the ortigosa's work within the small area small detail for you
the cruise striker
very much
the survey for head area
network from the
a lot of people there will be no conflict
every uberaba fan guaranteed that netherlands
with repetition
ran away
really is
looking fast it looks like the ball
really arbitrated
the house team inside the header area on the crossbar
so the goal of Canada
in the second largest city
the goiano team
left behind
it's a Filipino
free on the second beam
I messed up
almost almost the first goal of the game nepal with the arrival of uberaba
marcinho party hit the goal I have the fault that I want
out of the water
artist
he felt provoked an eventual flight
did everything right marcinho
I asked for a large one and the port uberaba unit
and criticized the mark tô here on the right seems to prevail
continuation
penalty for the valdomiro cruise claim very precise nor
was grabbed from the start
I would count on the ass
player
I was overcoming vargas for years
the yellow card
shown for the bucket
penalty for the cruise here in the uberabão the clown really reporter
you in the end also gives an insured player in uberaba
closer to the beginning of the school year is that of the beginning of the entrance of the area
listen already authorized hit with the right leg montijo with the head testa
goal
He left for the cruise.
is a right goalkeeper Felipe
the litigation
coming back to the team in style monte june
everything that happened
with the cheer cruzeirense celebrate montijo
and finishing the first half opening the score in the Bernabeu
for the zero cruise to uberaba
How does the wardrobe go?
calm before passing through the portico of the standing ball
in the network from the
everything is very difficult there to contain fernando goalkeeper
was well into the ball more a lot of hit very well it is important that
now put his head in place was making a good start holding
the cruise creating chances can not let the penalty kick move until
even because you have nothing to complain about other jobs tietê
As Tite already received
will hit the goal because he kicked the senator in the corner for the
cruise
or the descent from the cruise says the title
the montijo has some detour there
to further hamper the work of the Senate
It may be another good time for the Barbutti Jorge Sousa
test the first
title goes out of his head
ball out
I think adilson has to play fast back to score five
handle side-
for what the reason is that this ball and created to enjoy you in the middle of the defenders
because the warning started in speed of a player to be released
in charge of missing the ball to babolat who found
there are almost almost
plunged from it
the goal
in legal position of all the world the windward life is dário arrived at the
touches the ball on the ball and she went over the bottom line
It's goal shot for the cruise.
in her dangerous attack
I do not have it, the ball caught her suspicious.
the space because I walk here in the stands of the good border the
House
marquis for south handling
went up the flag
I will not say anything else
the goal of rengo diego renan
Marcos Vinícius Gomes
marked impediment of the cruzeirense attack léo figueiredo rejected
but it was not in the least
many players up
which seems to us in which two here below
on the one hand, followers of the work of the victims with life
against the rains of the last weeks
The ball traveled outside, explained the executive.
the double defense of fable
appeared on the back of the cruise defense the goal
did not believe much
to be able to finish that last bubble
cruise with three defenders now
and carioca factory
the first class is the cruise
and ends
game closed the nobel to obama o
or for the cruise-rs and yero for uberaba